README.md, before:

# web3-examples
Simple Web3/dapps and crypto website examples.
Use the respective readmes to run the projects.

## Alexa Skill
Example of Amazon Alexa skill for crypto prices.

## Blockchain
Example of blockchain written in JavaScript (teaching purposes).

## BSC Scan Clone
BSC Scan website clone using BSC Scan APIs.

## CRUD Solidity HardHat
A CRUD example in Solidity (HardHat).

## CRUD Solidity Truffle
A CRUD example in Solidity (Truffle).

## CryptoBubbles Clone
CryptoBubbles website clone using Binance streams.

## Dapp React
Frontend example (built with ReactJS) for smart contracts.

## Hello Solidity HardHat
A first Solidity project (HardHat).

## Hello Solidity Truffle
A first Solidity project (Truffle).

## MetaMask Login
Example of login page using MetaMask as auth.

## MetaMask Transfer
Example of crypto transfer from MetaMask wallet.

## Token ERC-20 Remix
New ERC-20 Token built with Remix and Solidity.

## Token ERC-20 Truffle
New ERC-20 Token built with Truffle, Solidity and OpenZepellin.

## Token ERC-20 HardHat
New ERC-20 Token built with HardHat, Solidity and OpenZepellin.

## TradingView Clone
TradingView candle chart clone using Binance API & Stream.

Commit message:

update dapp-react-ethers and new example dapp-react-web3

README.md, after:

# web3-examples
Simple Web3/dapps and crypto website examples.
Use the respective readmes to run the projects.

## Alexa Skill
Example of Amazon Alexa skill for crypto prices.

## Blockchain
Example of blockchain written in JavaScript (teaching purposes).

## BSC Scan Clone
BSC Scan website clone using BSC Scan APIs.

## CRUD Solidity HardHat
A CRUD example in Solidity (HardHat).

## CRUD Solidity Truffle
A CRUD example in Solidity (Truffle).

## CryptoBubbles Clone
CryptoBubbles website clone using Binance streams.

## Dapp React Ethers
Frontend example (built with ReactJS + EthersJS) for smart contracts.

## Dapp React Web3
Frontend example (built with ReactJS + web3.js) for smart contracts.

## Hello Solidity HardHat
A first Solidity project (HardHat).

## Hello Solidity Truffle
A first Solidity project (Truffle).

## MetaMask Login
Example of login page using MetaMask as auth.

## MetaMask Transfer
Example of crypto transfer from MetaMask wallet.

## Token ERC-20 Remix
New ERC-20 Token built with Remix and Solidity.

## Token ERC-20 Truffle
New ERC-20 Token built with Truffle, Solidity and OpenZepellin.

## Token ERC-20 HardHat
New ERC-20 Token built with HardHat, Solidity and OpenZepellin.

## TradingView Clone
TradingView candle chart clone using Binance API & Stream.
